
## Interacting with AWS Services:

In AWS, everything is an API call. An API is an application programming interface. And what that means is, there are pre-determined ways for you to interact with AWS services. And you can invoke or call these APIs to provision, configure, and manage your AWS resources.

_The AWS Management Console_ is browser-based interface. Through the console, you can manage your AWS resources visually and in a way that is easy to digest. This is great for getting started and building your knowledge of the services. It's also useful for building out test environments or viewing AWS bills, viewing monitoring, and working with other non-technical resources. You can quickly access recently used services and search for other services by name, keyword, or acronym. The console includes wizards and automated workflows that can simplify the process of completing tasks.
 You can also use the AWS Console mobile application to perform tasks such as monitoring resources, viewing alarms, and accessing billing information. Multiple identities can stay logged into the AWS Console mobile app at the same time.

_The AWS Command Line Interface or CLI_. The CLI allows you to make API calls using the terminal on your machine. This is different than the visual navigation style of the Management Console. Writing commands using the CLI makes actions scriptable and repeatable. So, you can write and run your commands to launch an EC2 Instance. And if you want to launch another, you can just run the pre-written command again. This makes it less susceptible to human error. And you can have these scripts run automatically, like on a schedule, or triggered by another process. AWS CLI enables you to control multiple AWS services directly from the command line within one tool. AWS CLI is available for users on Windows, macOS, and Linux.

_The AWS Software Development Kits or SDKs_. The SDKs allow you to interact with AWS resources through various programming languages. This makes it easy for developers to create programs that use AWS without using the low level APIs, as well as avoiding that manual resource creation that we just talked about.